Hmph, you did it, right?
What do you want to do?
I'm so scared
My good son.
I don't know the combination to the safe
You got the wrong person
It was you three years ago
This is how you forced Xu into bankruptcy
I just give it all back to you
Which cup is Huanyu Chairperson Shen Tianlan?
Come with us for a breach of trade secrets by design
Go quickly
Shen Tianlun, I said it earlier
It's you who should go
When you opened that safe
I was actually happy once
Do you remember that date?
Random guess
Xu Xian
It's been ten years, have you?
It never works.
Dad?
I have finally avenged you.
But why does my heart hurt so much?
From now on
Shen Tinglan Jiang steps down as chairperson of Huanyu Group
I will be Shen Yu temporarily